Gwenevere Abriel: Hello.
Samantha Scott: Hello.
Samantha Scott: Can you hear me.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can hear you.
Samantha Scott: And Oscar.
Gwenevere Abriel: Is our audio and video in sync.
Samantha Scott: I think so.
Gwenevere Abriel: Test test test boop boop boop.
Samantha Scott: Alright, cool. Let me push this back
Samantha Scott: There we go. I'm trying to work on the lighting still not as bright as I would like. But better maybe
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I like it.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: So here you are. I'm in your home is such a cool technology. I get to do therapy in your home.
Samantha Scott: So yeah, it's awesome.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it's such a
Such a neat thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: And how have you been doing
Samantha Scott: I feel like I'm doing pretty good. Um, I mean in terms of the in terms of the drugs and craving and stuff. I mean, I feel like I'm doing really well.
Samantha Scott: You know, like
Samantha Scott: I'm just not even focusing on that so much. I just take my medication. And then I'm trying to refocus and work on. You know what I'm trying to work on like my coping mechanisms and what I can control and
Samantha Scott: I've been doing some writing and
Samantha Scott: Just trying to be honest with myself, you know, and kind and
Samantha Scott: And then all the other stuff, you know, the
Gwenevere Abriel: Pandemic yes i mean you gotta leave room for panic. Don't forget to panic also
Samantha Scott: Don't forget
Samantha Scott: Come on. Yeah, I know. And I definitely do. Still, I mean, I definitely don't want to go out, you know, there's gonna there's a, you know, they're starting to reopen and
Samantha Scott: You know, I don't. I mean, I think it'll be a while before I feel comfortable going out and sitting in a dining room or something but but maybe I'm but I don't know, you know,
Samantha Scott: But also don't want the economy to get any worse.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know, my gosh, it's very cordial. Our economy is fragile, you have to be delicate
Samantha Scott: Already got so many people like out of work, you know, so
Samantha Scott: Boo.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I can't help so i think i think this will be welcome. But literally, I shouldn't be talking about anything like this, but I have a feeling that you'll you might like it. I don't know, I just have
Gwenevere Abriel: And I was like, you know, I wish it was in a country that what my government would do is they would take the shit ton of
Gwenevere Abriel: Money.
Gwenevere Abriel: They have and they would put everyone who's out of work building something
Gwenevere Abriel: Totally frickin you
Samantha Scott: CPT like my grandpa was in the CC CP the Civilian Conservation Corps and they going
Samantha Scott: Good people
Samantha Scott: Yeah, the WPA. I mean, that stuff's all had a lasting impact to on like society and culture. You know, so yeah.
Samantha Scott: We'll see.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's not going to happen. That's not. Yeah.
Samantha Scott: But it's a really nice idea. I totally agree.
Gwenevere Abriel: I think we are very bright creatures we can
Gwenevere Abriel: Can build a
Gwenevere Abriel: Bomb.
Samantha Scott: Right, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: We can do like how we can look at all the amazing science. I don't understand how this works. I mean, we're smart, but we're still
Samantha Scott: Totally, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: No. Okay, so my rants over
Samantha Scott: A lot. No, no. And I think it ties into what a lot of people are feeling like lately I've been thinking about, like,
Samantha Scott: How now, I'm making a living wage by being on unemployment, with the $600 stimulus thing.
Samantha Scott: And so now I'm making about like 15 to $17 an hour by not working.
Samantha Scott: Which is probably the most have made in my adult life. And then it's just weird, like we're on food stamps, we got on that. And they're like, No, now you're making too much on unemployment, you're making a living wage.
Samantha Scott: But luckily Medicare doesn't count that.
Samantha Scott: Unemployment income. So my Medicare my insurance is safe and everything, but it's just I can't imagine that I'm alone and thinking that we don't really want to go back to the same normal that we were doing before, you know,
Samantha Scott: Because we weren't making enough money. I could never afford therapy or had time for therapy. You know, it's like, but, um, but I'm glad I'm here and
Samantha Scott: And I feel like I'm doing a lot better. You know, I mean, I'm still having lots of, you know, I mean, it's still really stressful. So having a hard time communicating, sometimes with my husband.
Samantha Scott: Well, we're
Here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's take a deep breath and
Gwenevere Abriel: One more, one more, one more.
Samantha Scott: Let me say one real one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, like a real
Gwenevere Abriel: A real settle in to to do some meaningful work here today.
meaningful for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Still having a difficult time and so
Samantha Scott: So yeah, I mean,
Samantha Scott: One of the things is that just these, um,
Samantha Scott: I've been doing some reading to about just Narcissus sense, stuff like that. And it's like, with my mom. And it's like, I feel like one. I'm so
Samantha Scott: One of the big things is that I'm so attuned to everything he does and said that I miss interpret and I project meaning on to it.
Samantha Scott: And then I start acting out the same sorts of things that she did, which is if you're passionately arguing, you know, that's fine. And
Samantha Scott: You know what I need to win and and I don't even want to be like that, you know, um, I don't want to fight anymore and I don't want but it feels normal. It feels like somehow it feels like when I get angry. It feels normal, but I don't want it to be normal, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: I do and we don't need to move anywhere. Beyond that, but turn check in with yourself and I'm going to say it back to you and you sort of assess is that were meaningful investment will be here today. So it'll be around this space.
Gwenevere Abriel: And holding it and really maybe coming away today with a deeper understanding of
Gwenevere Abriel: This way of passionately arguing a point
Gwenevere Abriel: Being, you know, angry passionately arguing needing to win is familiar
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. And there are times when you are so attuned to other you know husband right
Samantha Scott: Then remember to be your
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, yeah, whoever it is that know
Gwenevere Abriel: That the default is that comfort that you can get into it, just with in a split second. And what ends up happening, you've noticed is sometimes you've misinterpreted. You thought you were attuned
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but you misinterpreted.
Samantha Scott: Totally like taking personally things like when somebody gets frustrated because they're paying or something like that. And there are and then taking that personally just because I happen to be there.
Samantha Scott: You know, and I, I know I shouldn't, but I do
Samantha Scott: And I can't seem to. I mean, I guess the answer is just keep trying.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, but wait, what's familiar is this way of me.
Gwenevere Abriel: So if you turn your attention to this other way of being, what is it, what do you think it is.
Samantha Scott: I think it's a little for one not taking everything personally and for to
Samantha Scott: Trying to learn better strategies for communicating so that I don't project or fortune tell or anything, you know, besides like actually ask in a way that's respectful unkind.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you mean you sound. I mean just just straight out of a psychology book you sound so like you've got it all figured out.
Samantha Scott: But somehow I still can't do it. So that's
Samantha Scott: Not very helpful.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, it's good. It's a good start.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because when I asked you, I wondered, do you know where you're going. So this is what's familiar if you're about to go on a journey you have some idea of a map and you have a bit of a map.
Samantha Scott: That's what I imagined it to be. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so the map for some people is spirituality. Some people at psychology, maybe astrology offers some mapping
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm familiar with it.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it's there. So it's but it's a map and I like that metaphor, because
Gwenevere Abriel: My GPS like on my fancy phone. It's like, not the same as as the terrain, meaning it weren't for me.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not the same as all this stimulation that's coming at me. Or there's so much coming at me.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right cars, restaurants, I can barely can I see the sign. From here, my eyes are, sir.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is not the same as me having to navigate the terrain.
Samantha Scott: Totally. I totally hear that I don't drive because I just am too terrified. It's I'm scared to ride in the car because
Samantha Scott: Ever since we got into I got into a car accident with my mom when I was 14 we went off a levee
Samantha Scott: In Louisiana. You know what I mean, like, where there's like it goes down to the river, we hit a bunch of trees that stopped us halfway in the water. It was like this Mitsubishi Colt like a tin can. And ever since then I tried to learn how to drive when I was younger and
Samantha Scott: I just, it's hard for me to even ride in a car, even with good drivers, you know, I just constantly feel like we're going to be hit and I constantly feel like I'm waiting for I'm you know I'm putting the brake on on the passenger side, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't know that. I hope you don't mind. Let me tell you what I just did.
Samantha Scott: I was fine, I realized I never told you I probably
Samantha Scott: Told you. A lot of stuff.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I took that that story. You just told me, and I put it inside of what I call the thermometer. It's a subjective unit of distress. That's that robot thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: I put it in there, but I i put age 14 yeah or accident landed in a levy in Louisiana. It's hard for me to drive in a car and constantly thinking I might be hit
Samantha Scott: Yeah, totally.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now I'm just talking about it right now. Can I put it in the right place. As far as the activation how activating. Is it just to even talk about it from zero to 100
Samantha Scott: I mean, from zero to 100
Samantha Scott: Right now it doesn't feel like a lot. It feels like a
Gwenevere Abriel: 2525 okay let me move it. I had it randomly somewhere, let's go to 25
Samantha Scott: I mean, but when I'm actually in the car. Hey, cuz to 75 to nine.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so let me add that, when in car 75 to 90. Okay, so I've got some ideas. Later on, for us to maybe do some of the the somatic transformation work that comes out of Peter Levine's
Gwenevere Abriel: Work where we actually address that incident, but you can say, No, you don't. You don't have to
Samantha Scott: No, no, I started reading one why checked out a book and I only read a little bit of it.
Samantha Scott: About some of that about the somatic stuff, but I really liked what I read in the intro, which was basically that a lot of pre verbal
Samantha Scott: A lot of pre verbal stuff, which I feel like is a lot of the stuff
Samantha Scott: I maybe can access or whatever, but I know it's there. So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yep, yep, yep, yep, yep. So take what you just said. So we'll kind of put aside the story with them with the levee for a moment factor it organic
Gwenevere Abriel: But let's come back to maybe it's preferable hold on to that for a moment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, as, how likely is it that abruptly. Your mother became will use the word narcissist just because it's easy to communicate from there. How likely is it that it appropriately came about when you were eight
Samantha Scott: Miriam lightly so
Gwenevere Abriel: It may have been there.
Samantha Scott: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: The whole time.
Samantha Scott: Right. And I mean sometimes I wonder if, like, I mean, I don't want to be like, Oh, I've got repressed memories or whatever. But, I mean, the mind does work in weird ways and it protects us
Samantha Scott: You know, from things. And I'm not saying I having those, but I'm also saying I don't remember like stuff I read about in that intro like
Samantha Scott: When you cry. What did your parents do and then the next time you cried. What did your parents do and stuff like that. It's like I kind of doubt she was constantly interested in patient with me, if anything,
Samantha Scott: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so that's it you're onto it. So add this piece that you didn't say which is I didn't know how to speak as a new and it didn't know how to speak right so 18 months or whatever those months word
Gwenevere Abriel: Love it on
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know what but. So there you are, and your pre verbal
Samantha Scott: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's you're still responding to and your environment.
Samantha Scott: Sorry, I just have to let my dog off the
Gwenevere Abriel: Air. Yeah.
Samantha Scott: There you go.
Samantha Scott: Okay cuz she's too short. She's Corgi so she has short legs. She can't jump off.
Samantha Scott: Um, yeah.
Samantha Scott: Yeah, I feel like, well, and even after that, I mean, even if I could talk a little bit. I mean, I definitely wasn't able to express myself. We really are cogently you know from like 18 months to
Samantha Scott: What now.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well that's where the compassion comes in. That's where we we can say, wait a minute.
Gwenevere Abriel: What if I'm not broken. What if there's nothing flawed or deficient in me.
Gwenevere Abriel: But if my reaction to my husband was adaptive when I was, you know, six months 12 months age to what, what if that was adaptive. What if I am here today and I survived because I was attuned to the facial expression and the change in tone.
Samantha Scott: Right, right. That's big for me that's really big.
Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yep. So there's something about the time
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm curious about what the tone is have you noticed that
Samantha Scott: There's a dark if it's critical. If it's impatient.
Samantha Scott: Judgmental dismissive.
Samantha Scott: Those are the ones that really
Samantha Scott: Cut me to the core, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Now dismissive.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I want to learn more about this time.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you able to imitate it
Samantha Scott: Yeah, not really. I mean, basically. Okay. I think the best way describe it would be harsh.
Samantha Scott: Um, and a brusque
Samantha Scott: Angry
Samantha Scott: And
Samantha Scott: What heart brush angry and impatient. Those are the. That would be my best description of it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So one of the reasons why I'm really focusing on this word you use, which is tone.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because it is an auditory word
Gwenevere Abriel: But now, and I listened. I'm thinking
Samantha Scott: Maybe it's
Samantha Scott: Not. No, it's not so much. It's more if somebody. I mean, it doesn't really matter what their voice sounds like. But if they are raising it at me.
Volume
Samantha Scott: If they're raising it at me and it sounds like they are a like whatever job I have done, or I'm supposed to have done or be doing it was not done right, you
Gwenevere Abriel: Gotta call. Yep. Okay. Now, this might seem overly precise, but I'm trying to get to this word of prosody. And this has to do with
Gwenevere Abriel: Memory was telling you it's not it's not only
Gwenevere Abriel: The the the icon tax that can happen that I can show a tune it to a pre a pre verbal baby. I can also use my voice right
Gwenevere Abriel: I can say all which is okay.
Samantha Scott: All right.
Samantha Scott: You can take it together.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, I can now that's so notice the way it sounded you knew I was probably addressing a baby. Didn't you
Samantha Scott: Or a little puppy or yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. So does it say safety with that sound.
Samantha Scott: Yeah, I think so. I mean, feels like
Gwenevere Abriel: It's okay.
Samantha Scott: Right. Yeah, no, I say that all the time to my docs, just like yeah
Gwenevere Abriel: So safe.
Samantha Scott: Safe safe. Safe encouraging welcoming
Gwenevere Abriel: So,
Gwenevere Abriel: It's not loud.
Samantha Scott: No.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, it came the volume, meaning the music is either loud or it's low but now prosody talks about this, it goes
Gwenevere Abriel: prosody. Is this raising of pitch.
Gwenevere Abriel: The variability in it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, so that's like impatience. I mean, that's what I'm trying to describe, I think.
Samantha Scott: In terms of that. It's like, did you
Samantha Scott: You know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Shoot can imitate it. Gotcha.
Gwenevere Abriel: Frustrating.
Samantha Scott: You know, well I guess I'm working on. I'm working on trying to make them feel comfortable that
Samantha Scott: You know, or
Samantha Scott: Um, let's see.
Samantha Scott: I mean honestly it all. I don't even know if I should say this, but it really reminds me, and this is not even from my mom. It's from my dad, but
Samantha Scott: That's the same kind of tone, like when he used to say whenever I go the refrigerator. He'd always say something like going to go get some more to eat good and even though my husband doesn't sound like that sometimes it makes me feel the same way.
Samantha Scott: You know that
Samantha Scott: I'm being judged that I'm not good enough that I'm not smart enough that I'm not, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, I'm with you. And I remember that one. I remember that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, there's some other pieces to this, there's
Gwenevere Abriel: This notice that it has this tempo to it. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Can you notice when your husband is starting to say something that you're all ready activated, you already care. You can tell me
Samantha Scott: I mean like
Samantha Scott: Well, looks like if I'm staying up late at night and like I worried that like the dogs up or whatever, you know, or the dog needs to go out or and then I hear him say so. And it's like,
Samantha Scott: Oh, something wrong and I mean, in a way, I am trying to change my sleep schedule for the better you know and I know it's not great to stay up late and stuff but
Samantha Scott: At the same time, I don't have a job. So sometimes, if I want to be flexible with myself. It's like, well, I feel like that's okay, but
Samantha Scott: I would just really like to not immediately associate because I feel like that's what has happened like it.
Samantha Scott: I've gotten to a point where I use my mom's coping methods and ways and the ways that I learned for so long. And now I've been in this relationship.
Samantha Scott: For a long time, like we've been together, you know, over 10 years now. And so I feel like using the same stuff over and over again and being a real asshole me. I'm talking about me being a real asshole again and again has put me in a position where
Samantha Scott: I am
Samantha Scott: I want to be better. You know, like I I'm trying to be better, but it's like I've had bad behavior in the past, you know, and I want to re instill trust, I guess, or whatever, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's go back to
Gwenevere Abriel: Sam, you spent just watch how much time you just did you just explained yourself to me. Just watch that old familiar thing play out. Even though I didn't say, well, why now. That was you. That was an old thing that that was a lot was a lot of explaining
Samantha Scott: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just wanted Sam.
Gwenevere Abriel: I just wanted that
Samantha Scott: Okay, gotcha.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, just now. Do you feel criticized
Gwenevere Abriel: A little bit, yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So tell me where you feel it.
Samantha Scott: Right here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay okay so slow touch it. Take care of it, nurture it really tune in Word.
Gwenevere Abriel: What does it need
Samantha Scott: It's okay to be wrong. That's the only way you learn
Gwenevere Abriel: Go back in, go back in
Gwenevere Abriel: And who knows
Gwenevere Abriel: What part of you knows
Gwenevere Abriel: Or has an inkling that you did nothing wrong. Is there any part of you that knows that.
Samantha Scott: Maybe here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so
Gwenevere Abriel: So get into
Gwenevere Abriel: And maybe, almost like a relationship chest and that upper upper belly kind of right where those two things should just be present with both of them.
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm doing the same thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Just whose voice is louder. The one that says
Gwenevere Abriel: You screwed up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or the one that says
Gwenevere Abriel: I didn't do. I'm good. I'm fighting
Samantha Scott: The more I listened, the louder. The okay voice gets
So,
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, hold on to it Domo just keep rocking soothing keep caring for you, Dan tune and I'm going to do it again. I'm giving you a heads up.
Gwenevere Abriel: Now we're into really purpose paying attention.
Okay.
Gwenevere Abriel: Deep breath, keep breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Sam.
Gwenevere Abriel: What do you notice
Samantha Scott: A lot better. I was a lot more grounded and my
Samantha Scott: Here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Up in the chest. Okay. And so, earlier you were he really for explaining
Gwenevere Abriel: Explaining and playing and I told you, you don't have to do that in therapy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right intention, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: What that one.
Gwenevere Abriel: Are you feeling
Samantha Scott: Not as bad.
Gwenevere Abriel: Not as bad.
Yeah.
Samantha Scott: Maybe just because when I when I prepare myself for something
Samantha Scott: Like once you do it once or twice you like okay, I'm a little bit more prepared.
Samantha Scott: But I do, I do think that I could do something in terms of grounding myself in
Gwenevere Abriel: Let's talk about preparation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, yeah, so
Gwenevere Abriel: How to prepare for things that happened randomly sound like you knew you were going to have Frankie maybe sleeping or I don't know what was going on, but
Samantha Scott: Right. No. Totally. Exactly.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, well,
Gwenevere Abriel: It is likely what I offer anyway is is this message that you're
Gwenevere Abriel: The reptilian brain is going to respond fastest it's gonna, it's going to respond to the environment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. And you're gonna
Gwenevere Abriel: It's gonna it's gonna
Gwenevere Abriel: Get you information that stomach of years as soon as you hear that voice.
Gwenevere Abriel: The tricky bit as you're like, well, how do I prepare
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Number one, if you assume if we say that yes what we got right here is what's going on, then you get in the habit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of tuning into the body and then you get so used to it.
Gwenevere Abriel: You do it on a schedule for a while you're setting alarms for it.
Samantha Scott: Right. And I could definitely see myself doing that.
Gwenevere Abriel: So setting alarms and we can set up little, little, little routine to do three or four times a day. And then you also remember, maybe because you put up stickies or something.
Samantha Scott: You tell people
Gwenevere Abriel: Or you write you write it on the back of your hand. And so then what you do is you remember to do it when you are startled or when you
Gwenevere Abriel: Catch yourself. I'm just about to yell back. I'm just about to make a snarky remark just defend myself a way to do it now.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I do whatever mindfulness practice. So here's, here's what I'm saying. Preparation looks like it's getting in the habit of tuning in your body's initial response to a
Samantha Scott: Threat right
Samantha Scott: And ultimately, even to non threat. Right. Right. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So one of the reasons why I'm saying to set up an alarm is because there wasn't any threat. This was set off by an alarm to do
Gwenevere Abriel: Right belly breathing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right meditation or whatever it is you decide what you're going to turn
Samantha Scott: On your good pitch. I like the belly breathing. I mean, I like the belly breathing that really does physically made me feel calmer and physically makes me feel like I'm you know tuning into the logical martyr myself or whatever and healthy things more clearly and
Samantha Scott: And also trying to just like listen to my thoughts. You know what the closest I've been able to get to meditation or mindfulness is like just
Samantha Scott: Listening noticing what they what they are and then just saying, okay, honor that thought. Whatever it is, whether I agree with it or not. And then just trying to let it, like you said, like the last exercise just kind of let it float away.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we'll be able to add on to that will be able to add on. I can tell by what you're saying, we might be able to add some features to the mindfulness practice.
Gwenevere Abriel: But I want to circle back just to make sure that there's an opportunity to really hold on to this if you if you like this piece of information around preparation.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah. When you do mindfulness or body awareness or any, any of those kind of things, which is what I'm recommending I'm saying preparation is getting in the habit.
Gwenevere Abriel: Of tuning into the body doing we'll call it a body scan, one of the reasons why is because you're building tissue. Remember, this isn't, this isn't like
Gwenevere Abriel: Although we don't understand how the mind works exactly right.
Samantha Scott: It is in there.
Samantha Scott: Yeah.
Samantha Scott: It's tissue. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: And every time you doing. Oh, I got a scan my body and I will do the scam.
Gwenevere Abriel: He goes through
Gwenevere Abriel: Your building tissue and your brain.
Gwenevere Abriel: And guess what, there's tissue being neuronal connections. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: You do it again at noon. You do it again at eight o'clock at night and you do it again. I don't know, go.
Gwenevere Abriel: And go to sleep or something.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then
Gwenevere Abriel: Because those neural connections are there random parts of the day. Now you might remember it.
Gwenevere Abriel: When your body is in distress, like it's literally I'm just trying to get you were number
Samantha Scott: Right. Right. Yeah, that makes sense. I think the best way for me to learn and learn how to do things has always been to not to read about it not to whatever I have to actually do it.
Samantha Scott: Okay, yeah, so
Gwenevere Abriel: Within with that what you may want to do is set an alarm for three or four times a day.
Gwenevere Abriel: To do a body scan.
Gwenevere Abriel: And we can do that together. I can kind of walk you through one in one way to do it. Of course, you know, with internet you can do any number of things more than welcome to make it your own. But, but ultimately this is what I'm inviting as far as
Gwenevere Abriel: What preparation looks like because if we're really then i don't i don't need anything but me. Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can tune right instead of this really adaptive thing where I am able to attune to someone subtle aspect and change in town.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can
Gwenevere Abriel: Turn that same skill and I can turn it here.
Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Because if I'm ready. I can handle anything
Samantha Scott: Right. One, I feel like it's gonna be a lot more useful turn towards
Samantha Scott: Other people at this point.
Gwenevere Abriel: Your husband is gonna be like, Oh, I like that one. Whatever that Glenn is awesome. I'm not getting yelled at no more.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Samantha Scott: That's all I mean, and I want. I mean, I feel like I'm on the right track. I mean, I feel like definitely taking the whole drug
Samantha Scott: Seeking and and getting and that whole repetitive process because that was able to take up so much time and energy.
Samantha Scott: In my life, you know what I mean in terms of, oh, worrying about I have to take only this much and then I have to take this much. The next day to be sick or be or feel or right or whatever. And I've never gotten
Samantha Scott: I mean this not having to think about that is giving me a chance to think about all this other stuff and I'm so hoping and I feel like when I get to the point where we go doing the paper down, even though it sounds really scary to me right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I know I
Samantha Scott: Am trusting that it will be easier. You know, because I'm actually doing the work I'm being honest and showing up. And, you know, hopefully.
Samantha Scott: That was something I never didn't therapy. I was always hiding my drug addiction or like I hadn't realized yet what was going on with my mom because that only happened last year and I feel like, you know, this is a good process. And I feel like we're getting getting somewhere, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: New to and let's keep now what I noticed is
Gwenevere Abriel: So I went into this space of inviting body awareness. It's a felt sense. So it's right. These are the feelings, emotions are happy, sad, angry jealous was her emotions feeling is often it's it's a tactile it's in our viscera. How am I feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't know.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, you're going to find out. You're going to set an alarm. If you're willing to do this experiment, you're going to set it up. We're going to find out how in the middle of whatever
Gwenevere Abriel: It's going to go off. It has nothing to do with whether someone said anything nasty or not, we're gonna
Gwenevere Abriel: You're going to get a sense of how you're doing on a regular basis. Right. You gotta get in the habit of it, you're going to do it. And then you're going to remember it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right then, when you hear something that activates a part of your body. You might recognize the distress, and then you might take care of yourself in that split second, and I'm this this stuff I'm talking about, even though I'm saying it slowly it happens so fast.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, if, if you're if you're not Conscious. Conscious you'll be busy yelling before you even like Oh shoot.
Samantha Scott: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: That happens that fast. So that's why really preparation is really already getting in the habit so yes practices like like meditation is one of the reasons why it's pretty cool because we're turning in
Gwenevere Abriel: One more thing, when we were doing this felt sense thing. And I was, you know, saying, Where are those things right after you said the word cognitive and you said the word thoughts you have a cerebral language, your language is cerebral. It's just thinking, thinking, thinking, thinking, thinking,
Gwenevere Abriel: I know, yeah.
Samantha Scott: I do. I agree. I totally agree with you though after the last time we talked. I was like,
Samantha Scott: I think I wrote some Facebook status that was like having a therapist who calls me on my shit like over intellectualizing instead of feeling my feelings is priceless like the MasterCard thing.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. Right. Yeah.
Samantha Scott: I'm trying to be honest, and I feel like I feel like we have a good. This is a good therapeutic relationship.
Samantha Scott: Head, even though it's weirdly tell a therapy.
Know,
Samantha Scott: I've got a lot. I know that I have got a lot of ways to go. And I'm really willing to work on it. You know, I know this is going to take a lot longer than I anticipate probably or maybe not, but I'm willing to be there as long as it takes. And I'm going to set these alarms.
Samantha Scott: Okay and start feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: Good. So what I see in you that sets you very much a part actually from from many is an eagerness to apply what I call invitations. I don't like the word homework. I don't like the word task. So I don't say it like that.
Samantha Scott: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I don't give advice you
Gwenevere Abriel: Don't like it and. But you guys are going to hear it as homework and you're going to hear it as advice. Nothing I can do about that part. But I'm really careful about how I say things because of my particular philosophy about psychology and my role.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, um, but what's really neat to hear is that you are actually willing to take on some behavioral experiments and do these invitations, because I think they're gonna work.
Samantha Scott: Yeah, well, I
Samantha Scott: Feel like
Samantha Scott: Either they're going to work or they're going to lead me to something else that works right
Gwenevere Abriel: Right well rule them out will rule them out and and that's exciting. So yeah, it's set those alarms and give them a cute little title. And so this is what it might look like when you do the body scan and maybe that's what the alarm is it's going to be something like
Gwenevere Abriel: This now for some people, water kind of freaks them out to water doesn't work. And so they throw some things out and see what works for you.
Gwenevere Abriel: I like the Superman Stan where it completely goes all the way through me and it works its way all the way through the body like it's we can see through me, right, because then nothing is missed so you might do that and it goes all the way through the body.
Gwenevere Abriel: And as it touches. Right. I noticed as I reached here my I felt my shoulders drop. And I was like, oh, I needed that awareness, because they'll, they'll be up here.
Samantha Scott: I'll be talking to
Gwenevere Abriel: A long time, and I'll realize. Oops.
Gwenevere Abriel: There, they're doing their thing. So, um, so then this gang goes all the way through the body all the way down to the toes and then it comes all the way up. So I'll do that with you. Okay. But you also may decide to say
Gwenevere Abriel: Whatever temperature is perfect for me that is making its way through me.
Gwenevere Abriel: All the way through.
Gwenevere Abriel: Or you might say,
Gwenevere Abriel: Water washing over starting to feel it touching the skin, it's going all the way through my body.
Gwenevere Abriel: So for some people it's bad imagery. So you may come up with something unique yourself.
Samantha Scott: The water one resonated i mean i i'm not sure if it will keep but like, yeah, that the imagining that that definitely that's one of my ideas to try
Gwenevere Abriel: Alright, so I'm going to actually put this, I want to know that you like the water, some people, it's a feeling of like I feel like I'm drowning. I don't like it at all.
Samantha Scott: I don't know if I actually believe in this, but I was born with a call. Like what's his face and David Copperfield, like, it's like this Embry, the sack over your head and sailors used to buy it from from mothers, because it protects you from drowning supposedly
Samantha Scott: So weird birthing only place I've read about it was I think it was David Copperfield, or something.
Samantha Scott: One of the characters had it.
Samantha Scott: But yeah, water, I think is good.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I'm writing body scan using water imagery. OK. So now when you do it, and you're going to go all the way through the key is right. Starting at the top of my head, I'm noticing. Oh, I'm noticing a tingling hadn't paid attention to that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I can, I can kind of feel the throbbing of the blood of my ears. I can feel it now and noticing it's going inside and can I'm aware in my
Gwenevere Abriel: Office color right inside those bones for my eye sockets are. I can feel it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, wherever they move across
Gwenevere Abriel: Into my nasal passage, you can feel also my skin as it meets here.
Gwenevere Abriel: I noticed my jaw seems tight and all my right neck. It's like the muscles pulling
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh, I just held my breath had noticed that before.
Gwenevere Abriel: I noticed the taste and when
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm thirsty.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can feel the piercing of my lips kind of here. Stay not relaxed. See that I feel that
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my neck. Go to my neck.
Gwenevere Abriel: conceal the muscles on the left and right, my shoulders relaxed. I remember like gravity kind of take care of them there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And into the throat lungs like coughing or something. I think it was in hell, something that's about all right so I'm playing with you but but you get it right, del. Didn't you start to it.
Samantha Scott: Yeah, yeah, no, totally, definitely. I mean, I hadn't even thought about the fact that I can feel. I mean, the blood pumping in my ears or like the sockets in my eyes are like how my my jaw is or, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: So we'll do well in the future will also not only will we do the belly breath, but we'll do this all the way through. We might maybe you'll be activated one day or or maybe I'll just say, Hey, let's go all the way through that when
Gwenevere Abriel: We get all into blah, blah, blah. Let's get into this, this, this. And so maybe like walk me through. That's how it will set the tone for the day.
Samantha Scott: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's a key message I'm trying to send is, it's about paying attention.
Samantha Scott: To myself.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It is because it's not about
Samantha Scott: Here, not here here.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, it's it's really about
Samantha Scott: It's really challenging for me. I definitely know it is, but I know that when I do things over and over again. It gets easier so
Gwenevere Abriel: You can call that if you want you can call that meditation.
Samantha Scott: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Call it whatever you want to
Gwenevere Abriel: But you're
Samantha Scott: Listening, you're
Gwenevere Abriel: You're know you're literally I can feel just
Gwenevere Abriel: Feeling I'm
Samantha Scott: Feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: I'm feeling me as it meets the air as it meets my seat. I can feel the pressure. Did you notice that before.
Gwenevere Abriel: My seat bones. I can feel this one tush holding all the weight is it evenly distributed. Is it warm. Is it the edge of the
Samantha Scott: I think could help with my shoulders to and like this whole I think I'm holding myself in a weird way, or like protectively sometimes
Gwenevere Abriel: Maybe. Yep, yep, yep, yep.
Samantha Scott: Yep, and yet.
Samantha Scott: But yeah, I know I'm gonna as soon as I get off I'm setting my alarm body scan.
Gwenevere Abriel: And then, and then but
Samantha Scott: Right now, that's what works with my brain in terms of thinking about it. Oh.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's right on skin and then adding you could add I'll do one body scan and then I'll do three belly breaths and then I'll do another set of body scan that could be a new meditative practice for you that you just do on a regular
Gwenevere Abriel: And it gets remembered and you'll get more and more in tune to what the messages in your body when you hear, I take your volume.
Particular
Gwenevere Abriel: You are prepared.
Samantha Scott: Right, and that's so I can respond. Ultimately, I would like to be able to respond to things that are inappropriate in an appropriate way.
Samantha Scott: And not respond to things that I don't need to respond.
Samantha Scott: I
Gwenevere Abriel: Think I think before we get ahead of it. I think we'll do that thing of will go on and discovery. Let's go. You do if you're willing to do that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's cool. And then it'll inform what our next step is
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, let's go for
Samantha Scott: Inform
Gwenevere Abriel: Let it teach
Samantha Scott: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: what worked, what didn't. What needs this or that and we'll find out.
Samantha Scott: And I'm glad I brought up the car.
Samantha Scott: Thing, because that is something that's in my life, I would like to deal with at some point I
Gwenevere Abriel: Probably definitely
Gwenevere Abriel: Have some desensitisation experience to it. So it's not as activating so that you're done right.
Samantha Scott: So that, at least I can be a comfortable passenger or maybe you know
Samantha Scott: Drive.
Gwenevere Abriel: You know you don't want to drive.
Samantha Scott: I would love to be able to, but it's just too. Right now, it's too. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I got you, I got you, I got you.
Samantha Scott: So what is our next week.
What are we
Gwenevere Abriel: Missing
Gwenevere Abriel: Anything. He's got
Gwenevere Abriel: He is
Gwenevere Abriel: I don't have anything written down. I don't think do you
Samantha Scott: I don't have anything written down, but
There.
Gwenevere Abriel: And you're visiting groups on
Samantha Scott: Tuesday. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: So some
Samantha Scott: Group on Tuesday.
Samantha Scott: Is stressful.
Samantha Scott: Okay. Like, it seems like you guys were having some stressful.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tell me, I run six groups. So remind me. I am
Samantha Scott: The Tuesday, it was
Samantha Scott: That we have like a couple of new people.
Samantha Scott: And it just seemed like everybody was kind of weirdly like not connecting or something, I don't know what it was.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, I think. Okay, so let me. I want to get to. Now I can't wait.
Gwenevere Abriel: So, okay, there you are. Sam new guy Aaliyah
Samantha Scott: We to seem real nice.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, I think I know, I know what happened. Yes.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes yes yes and yes
Samantha Scott: We all checked in. We did an exercise and stuff, it was just my observations about
Gwenevere Abriel: Waiting in it. Now, what if you just said that.
Gwenevere Abriel: Without any
Samantha Scott: Disclaimer because it's very difficult for me not to qualify everything I say apparently
Gwenevere Abriel: Would be now notice you didn't remember to breathe.
Samantha Scott: And do this right so
Gwenevere Abriel: You're it's so frequent for you. This is going to be like a lot throughout the day, it's going to be, oh, I'm feeling defensive. Oh, I'm explaining I'm I'm I'm explaining, I'm okay. But let me feel myself. How am I doing
Gwenevere Abriel: The destination is just, you're going to be okay. That's where we're headed with all of this, right.
Samantha Scott: So I just need to be here and Stop jumping forward.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, if it was that easy wouldn't need me. Right.
Samantha Scott: Right. But that's what I need to work on.
Samantha Scott: The feeling
Gwenevere Abriel: It is, but look how quickly old familiar comes in.
Gwenevere Abriel: It's so fast. When I say fast. I'm not kidding.
Gwenevere Abriel: You will upset wouldn't want to upset the therapists don't but I loved what you brought up, but all I just wanted to turn my head to try and look for my little scratch she'd like to see who is there so I can
Samantha Scott: I see that yeah and I interpreted in milliseconds in my brain. Yeah. Right. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: I wouldn't want to upset her. I don't want to insult her, heaven forbid, what if I miss perceived it probably had ruled out five or six instantaneously and made sure you covered your basis.
Gwenevere Abriel: You're right, you're fast you are here really quick. Now that big brain of yours is going to be in service to you, but it's also running through a lot of data bank of scenarios, very quickly.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's, that's all. All top down, problem solving, what I'm asking you to do is bottom up.
Samantha Scott: Yeah, it's going to be a challenge, but I'm going to keep doing it.
Gwenevere Abriel: And it's in a group.
Gwenevere Abriel: When you notice, and I think I pretty much could say, I know what you're talking about.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I want to validate you first.
Gwenevere Abriel: So we did that thing called you out just now right called you. So now I want to validate, you and I want to say.
Gwenevere Abriel: Right. That was hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: That was hard that group was hard.
Samantha Scott: Yeah, it seemed like it.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that group is hard.
Gwenevere Abriel: But it was not
Gwenevere Abriel: Because I don't like the group.
Gwenevere Abriel: No, um, there's a particular chemistry that happens and the chemistry of that composition
Gwenevere Abriel: It's didn't flow.
Samantha Scott: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I have to look at, you know, what did I not do what did I do, what did I bring to that space where I brought my own no flow go you know
And
Gwenevere Abriel: Something I think I brought something to so I don't land on any particular thing. But there is a part of me that wants to pick you up and put you in my 11 to 11am Thursday group. There's, it's like, I want to pick you up and it's coffee and
Samantha Scott: Bromine everything we do is it all these challenges are good for us. Right. I mean, because we don't necessarily want to be with the people who are you know
Gwenevere Abriel: But for you when you saw yeah you when you saw, and you're welcome to tell me, by the way, because I probably saw it too. So, but I just want you to if you're just testing out the water to see if you can talk about group members right now, which you can
Gwenevere Abriel: You just can't go touch your husband about the names
Samantha Scott: Yeah.
Samantha Scott: Yeah, we know.
Gwenevere Abriel: With me, it's, it's part of therapy, which means
Samantha Scott: Okay, then I will say, I will just go ahead and say what I think. And I don't know if it's what you think.
Samantha Scott: I'm thinking or whatever. But it feels like sherry is not very into it, you know, or not wanting to like participate and not not saying that much as to call
Samantha Scott: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Wait for it. Bree Bree Bree.
Samantha Scott: Yeah, geez. It's kind of off putting. Because she is
Samantha Scott: She doesn't seem to want to participate and like I see the other guy, the guy who's been there for like years or something. And he's like really far down
Samantha Scott: Going on going down and he was really into the poem and stuff like that, you know, and you really felt like it reflected. It was that roomie poem
Samantha Scott: And you can tell it, but I don't know. I mean, but everybody
Gwenevere Abriel: You feel your body. Once you feel it now. See how it's doing
Gwenevere Abriel: What's vibrating.
Samantha Scott: Is my warning to qualify
Gwenevere Abriel: Feel it. Feel
Gwenevere Abriel: How is the body doing
Gwenevere Abriel: Do the scan doesn't have to take long. Just move through, see what muscles are tight tense flexed.
Samantha Scott: I've definitely, I feel like this is into it with a qualifying protecting
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, I see that
Samantha Scott: I do it a lot.
Samantha Scott: Okay, but yeah.
Samantha Scott: That's ok Cherie didn't seem very much into it.
Samantha Scott: I don't know. And I do feel a lot of empathy and connection with the lot of people in the group. And I don't know, I guess it
Samantha Scott: It, it got on my nerves that it seemed like other people even no matter what they're like the girl one girls crying you know and like still there with her mask on and stuff, but it's like you know don't if you just don't discount the process for other people, you know,
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so stay there don't have go inside. Feel how that feels. To say that and leave it leave it out there. Your opinion out there floating around.
Samantha Scott: Sort of uncomfortable.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh yeah, I bet it does.
Gwenevere Abriel: What if I misinterpret
Samantha Scott: I'm just gonna have to trust that you won't
Samantha Scott: Right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, that's certainly one one scenario.
Gwenevere Abriel: And the preparation that you're going to get to is it will eventually not matter.
Gwenevere Abriel: Whether I misinterpreted eventually
Gwenevere Abriel: Eventually you'll get there, but we're just starting
Gwenevere Abriel: So just a little education part about groups.
Gwenevere Abriel: This group if you were in a process group, a true Process Group will you be invited to do is it would be like this.
Samantha Scott: Too, though.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, I would say, Sam, what's coming up for you. And do you want to say it to someone
Samantha Scott: Right. I'VE SEEN I'VE SEEN depictions of that for sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: That's true. Process Group and
Gwenevere Abriel: Holy shit.
Samantha Scott: That sounds really intense.
Gwenevere Abriel: Its intense an hour and a half of that.
Gwenevere Abriel: And I could do it. I just love that stuff. Right. That's I live for that.
Gwenevere Abriel: I can hold intensity pretty well.
And I
Gwenevere Abriel: I think what you saw. Let's see, what did you see, um, you said yes. So it looked hard for you to, what did you see in me because I'm, I'm here.
Samantha Scott: I was. I thought it just seemed like okay well like you're saying like, okay, you know, just give me one second. To do this, and then come back, but then
Samantha Scott: I don't know. I think it was more honestly when now that I'm like know that I'm pinpointing it. I actually think I noticed it in terms of how your mom was acting and talking
Samantha Scott: That might have been like she was there late and then you're like, Oh, it's okay. We're here, we're all here and then
Gwenevere Abriel: So I forgot this
Gwenevere Abriel: I had to start that group room that was clunky. A lot of funkiness to that one.
Samantha Scott: Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: It clumped around what
Samantha Scott: I liked the roomie poem, a lot. Yeah.
Samantha Scott: Like I keep distracting you would only need to set an appointment.
Gwenevere Abriel: Oh my gosh.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, thank you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Buddy, boo, boo, boo. How about right because it's Tuesday. Tuesday. Tuesday.
Gwenevere Abriel: Tuesday, because that's the space.
Samantha Scott: Where we got off.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, but I can't hear they're
Samantha Scott: fine with it. I'm glad I said what I thought it's good for me that. No, no, it feels
Gwenevere Abriel: He but it is it's unnerving at first. So I'm thinking
Gwenevere Abriel: About now. See, I don't know if you're going to pull this off. But right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have 9am
Samantha Scott: Already I will make it work, what day is that
Gwenevere Abriel: Thursday. Yeah. May 28 at night. How'd you know it's going to be Thursday. How'd you know that
Samantha Scott: I'm psychic
Samantha Scott: Dude, no.
Samantha Scott: No, it was Thursday was
Samantha Scott: Thursday today.
Gwenevere Abriel: See you.
Samantha Scott: Know 9am is good. I like I am trying to get up earlier for the most part, I've been getting up around eight or nine so
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, let's get ahead so that nothing gets gobbled up the network. This way I can protect something further along in
Doing
Gwenevere Abriel: So that's all the way into fully crepe June.
Gwenevere Abriel: So right now.
Gwenevere Abriel: I have oh it's Thursday again.
Gwenevere Abriel: Know what I like about Thursday puts a little bit of distance between
Gwenevere Abriel: Here is
Samantha Scott: A little time to think for sure.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, so let's do right after my 11am group will do 1210 those
Gwenevere Abriel: Turn out to be really important. So I'm gonna keep taking them so 1210 1210
Samantha Scott: Fabric. So we got may 28 at 9am and June 7 12 to
Gwenevere Abriel: Seven.
Samantha Scott: Isn't that right, I know, it's crazy.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, that's a Monday, that's gonna that's gonna just not work at all, let's let's look three
Gwenevere Abriel: Something went sideways here. Let's say June 4
Samantha Scott: Oh no, I'm looking at may sorry June 7 is Sunday. Yeah.
Gwenevere Abriel: Okay, so we got June 4 at
Samantha Scott: June 4 at 1210
Gwenevere Abriel: Yes, my new
Samantha Scott: Okay so 28th at 9am June 4 at 1210 got it.
Gwenevere Abriel: So I want to tell you something else.
Gwenevere Abriel: And that is just because
Gwenevere Abriel: You're at maybe a different level of investment, a different level of interest, a different level of empathy, compassion, whatever the level however you assess yourself in comparison to other
Gwenevere Abriel: don't rob yourself. Let me all the way through this don't rob yourself of where you need to stretch and grow the group will rise to the occasion or I will
Gwenevere Abriel: Right, we won't, I don't know, but I don't want you to miss an opportunity because
Gwenevere Abriel: Sometimes it, it can be pulled off, we can pull it off with
Samantha Scott: Well, no, that was I think that's why I brought it up because I felt like
Samantha Scott: We have been pulling it off and I thought that was a kind of a glitchy thing or whatever.
Gwenevere Abriel: It was a little glitchy and
Gwenevere Abriel: It may not go the way you want it. But you were there.
Gwenevere Abriel: And so in a matter of how did you like or dislike how you were because right with this this disconnect that you saw happening in there for whatever altitude. There are now that I think that was
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, yeah. There was a lot going on. And now I'm and I'm pretty sure I came with something. I think I brought a little son into that group. And I don't remember what it was, but I think I was in my feeling somehow
Samantha Scott: Or another i think i'm guessing we all did we all
Gwenevere Abriel: So for you when you come back into it and the check in point is, look at that. Right. Oh, wait. Here I go. I'm gonna go scanning scanning. How am I doing
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, and paying attention to. Okay. I was with this. I saw this disconnection happening with this person is and just this one's not look at her nice doing nobody's rescuing nobody's doing whenever whatever it is that's going on around you turn it back to you.
Gwenevere Abriel: Yeah, whenever you possibly can so that you're honing in on that skill.
Samantha Scott: Yeah, I feel like that's big. I feel like that's something I haven't been doing my whole life. I mean like when I forget to eat all day. Maybe I learned that from my mom or maybe it's just because I'm not even tuned into myself enough to know if I'm hungry.
Samantha Scott: You know, we'll see.
Samantha Scott: All right.
Gwenevere Abriel: Well, I'm
Samantha Scott: I had a really good good session.
Gwenevere Abriel: Thank you so
Samantha Scott: Much. Oh, yeah. So I'll see you on Tuesday. And then on Thursday.
Gwenevere Abriel: You later.
Samantha Scott: Okay, bye.
Bye.